doc: create ai-guidelines and include to CONTRIBUTING (#62105)
nodejs/node: CONTRIBUTING.md

* [Reviewing Pull Requests](./doc/contributing/pull-requests.md#reviewing-pull-requests)
* [Notes](./doc/contributing/pull-requests.md#notes)

## [AI Use Policy and Guidelines](./doc/contributing/ai-guidelines.md)

Node.js expects contributors to understand and take full responsibility for
every change they propose. Pull requests consisting of AI-generated code the

> contributor has not personally understood, tested, and verified will be closed

Reviewer: Changing it from "will" to "shall" makes it mandatory.
"will" is however fine in everyday language as a statement of intention.

> without review.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
contributor has not personally understood, tested, and verified will likely be closed
without review.
```

> every change they propose. Pull requests consisting of AI-generated code the
> contributor has not personally understood, tested, and verified will likely be closed
> without review.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
every change they propose. Pull requests containing AI-generated code the
contributor has not personally understood, tested, and verified will likely be closed
without review.
```
